FIX: CSV parser bot preserves original line ending (#2280)
certtools/intelmq: CHANGELOG.md

  - Added amplification factor to UDP scan reports (PR#2238 by elsif2).
  - Added version and build_date to "Vulnerable-HTTP" report (PR#2238 by elsif2).
- `intelmq.bots.parsers.cymru.parser_cap_program`: The parser mapped the hostname into `source.fqdn` which is not allowed by the IntelMQ Data Format. Added a check (PR#2215 by Sebastian Waldbauer, fixes #2169)
- `intelmq.bots.parsers.generic.parser_csv`:
  - Use RewindableFileHandle to use the original current line for line recovery (PR#2192 by Sebastian Wagner).

>   - Recovering CSV lines preserves the original line ending (fix [#1597](https://github.com/certtools/intelmq/issues/1597))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Recovering CSV lines preserves the original line ending (PR#2280 by Kamil Mankowski, fixes [#1597](https://github.com/certtools/intelmq/issues/1597))
```
